# Raid Quest (Solo): Adventuring Part III
**`Quest giver: Loremaster Dibbs`**
>Didn't we just see each other.  You already need more to do?  You are quite impressive.  I will have to make a definite note of this in your story.  We are getting close to your point of no return your first two plot points are perfect if I can say so, which I can since I am writing your story.  Keep it up.  Good luck traveler.

#### Objectives
- **You are to complete any three of these you wish**
- You must clearly indicate which ones you are completing in the following fashion
  - Edit this README and place X's in between the [ ] next to the problems you solve there should be no spaces between the [ ] once the X is in there
  - Place comments into your code indicating which problem is being solved
    - Identify the problem by tier name and number
  - These comments should be placed above every location that involves the problem being solved
  
[this keyword](https://youtu.be/N2n8nscH4M8) - Examining three uses of the keyword `this` - **Runtime: 17:07**

[toString method](https://youtu.be/89fmxwbF4Tw) - Creating and using `toString` method - **Runtime: 6:50**

##### Iron
- [X] **1.** Create a `Date` class.  This class will represent any given date.  It should have instance variables of the `year`, `month`, and `day`.  Create two different constructors.  The first constructor will not take any parameters and will set all values to be a default date.  The second constructor will take in the day, month, and year and set the instance variables according to the values passed in.  Implement `setters` and `getters` for all instance variables.  Overwrite the `toString` method to display the day in a user-friendly way.

##### Bronze
- [ ] **1.** Create a `BankAccount` class.  This will be a representation of an overly simplified version of a person's bank account.  Each BankAccount object should have instance variables for the person's `name` and their current account `balance`.  You will need to make a constructor that takes in both the person's name and their starting balance, which can be used to set the instance variables.  You will need to make `setters` and `getters` for each instance variable.  Implement a `withdraw` that takes an `amount` as a parameter.  This method will decrease the person's balance by the amount, however, if this will make their account negative do not do the decreasing.  Develop a `deposit` method that takes an `amount` as a parameter.  This method will increase the person's balance by the amount, however, it should only allow positive numbers so the balance is actually increased.  Finally, provide a new implementation for the `toString` method that will display the person's account details in a user-friendly manner.  Create a `BankRunner` class that makes BankAccount objects and test various method calls.
- [ ] **2.** Create a `Triangle` class, which will be representative of the shape.  Each Triangle object will have instance variables for each of its `sides` only.  Create a constructor that takes in the three side values and sets the instance variables correctly.  Implement `setters` and `getters` for each instance variable.  Develop a method that returns the `area` for a Triangle object.  Develop a second method that returns the `perimeter` of a Triangle object. Implement a method that will say if the triangle `isRightTriangle`.  Finally, overwrite the `toString` method to display information about the Triangle object in a user-friendly manner, you should not only display the instance variable values, but also the area, perimeter, and if it is a right triangle.  Create a `TriangleRunner` class that makes Triangle objects and test various method calls.
- [ ] **3.** Create a class called `Tile`.  This will be representative of a letter tile in the game Scrabble.  Each Tile object should have instance variables of the `letter` it represents and that letter's `value`.  You will need to make a single constructor that takes parameters letter and value, which set the instance variables appropriately.  You will also need to create `setters` and `getters` for the instance variables.  Create a method called `printTile` this method takes a `Tile object` as a parameter and it should print out that Tile's data in a user-friendly manner.  Finally, you will need to provide an implementation for a `toString` method to make sure Tile objects can be printed by only using the object name. Create a `TileRunner` class that makes Tile objects and test various method calls.

##### Gold
- [ ] **1.** Create a class called `CreditCard`.  This class will represent a person's credit card.  Each CreditCard object should have instance variables of the individual's `name` and their `email`. It should also have the current `balance` on the credit card and the `creditLimit`.  You will need 3 constructors for this class.  One constructor should take parameters for every instance variable and set the values appropriately.  The second constructor should only take the person's name, and credit limit as parameters, this constructor should use the keyword `this` to set all the values via another constructor call appropriately.  The third constructor should take in a person's name, email, and credit limit as the parameters.  It should use the keyword `this` to set all values via another constructor call appropriately.  You will need to make setters and getters for all instance variables.  You will need to create an `increaseBalance` method that will increase the balance on the credit card by a passed amount.  If the amount will put the balance over the credit limit do not increase the balance.  Finally, you will need to overwrite the `toString` method so that CreditCard objects are displayed in a user-friendly manner when being printed out.  Create a `CreditRunner` class that makes CreditCard objects and test various method calls.

##### Onyx
- [ ] **1.** Create a `Player` class.  This will be representative of a Player in a fantasy game.  Each Player will have a `name`, `strength`, `health` amount, and a `Weapon` object.  The `Weapon` class with have instance variables of `name` and `attackPower`.  Create a constructor in the Weapon class that takes in the name of the weapon only.  The name must be one of the following *wand* or *staff*. A wand has an attackPower of 9, the staff has an attack power of 11.  If any other name provides the name is set to be *stick* and it has an attackPower of 3.  Create `setters` and `getters` for each instance variable in `Weapon`. Create a constructor in the Player class that takes in the name of the player, their strength, health, and the name of their weapon, which then sets all values appropriately.  Create `setters` and `getters` for each instance variable in Player, except Weapon. This instance variable should only have a getter that returns the Weapon object.  Create a `loseHealth` method that takes an `amount` as a parameter.  This method will take away a certain amount of health from the player.  Implement an `attack` method that takes in another `Player object` as a parameter.  In this method, you will need to determine what type of weapon the player is attacking with.  If it is the *wand* the player will do damage that is equal to their strength plus the attackPower of the wand.  If it is the *staff* the player will do damage that is equal to their strength plus the attackPower of the staff + 4.  If it is the *stick* the player will instead do damage to themselves.  Use the loseHealth method to do the damage. Finally, overwrite the `toString` method that displays useful data about the player in a user-friendly manner.
